add calcardbackup community container (#5864)
nextcloud/all-in-one: community-containers/calcardbackup/readme.md

## calcardbackup  
This container packages calcardbackup. This is a container to exports calendars and addressbooks from ownCloud/Nextcloud to .ics and .vcf files and saves them to a compressed file. Additional options are available.  
  
https://hub.docker.com/r/waja/calcardbackup  
  

> ### Notes  
> - See https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers#community-containers how to add it to the AIO stack  
>   
> ### Repository  
> https://codeberg.org/BernieO/calcardbackup  

Reviewer: Please add yourself as maintainer of this integration into the readme and some additional advices:
```suggestion
### Notes  
- Backups will be created at 00:00 CEST every day. Make sure that this does not conflict with the configured daily backups inside AIO.
- See https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one/tree/main/community-containers#community-containers how to add it to the AIO stack  
  
### Repository  
https://github.com/waja/docker-calcardbackup

### Maintainer
https://github.com/pailloM
```
